Assignment #2
1. Learn Gradle build system.
2. Create web-application based on Java containing 1 HTML page, page should show parameters of HTTP GET request.
3. Create Unit-test for this web-application using JUnit library.
4. Create Gradle build script for your web-application.
5. Declare deploy gradle task that will deploy web application to the local Tomcat instance.
6. Add to build script parameters and tasks for unit testing from Gradle.
7. Add to build script parameters and tasks to perform static code analysis using findbugs and checkstyle.
8. Test your build script.

Assignment #3
1. Learn configuration management using Ansible.
2. Create a distributed application on Java that will consist of two web-services running on separate network nodes. First web-service should call second to obtain the part of service response. Second web-service should use database to obtain operation result. Both web-services should be deployed as applications in a Tomcat servlet-container.
3. Create configuration scripts for the distributed application using Ansible. Include to the configuration domain names (or IP) of services, Tomcat configuration and database access information.
4. Test your configuration scripts, try to change your configuration.

Assignment #4
1. Learn deployment pipeline using Docker.
2. Create gradle task to build Docker-image of web-application in the gradle script from assignment #1. 
3. Create Docker-image using the gradle task.
4. Test your Docker-image.

Assignment #5
1. Learn deployment to aPaaS using Cloud Foundry.
2. Select a cloud provider: Pivotal, IBM Bluemix.
3. Create Gradle task that will deploy web-application from the assignment #1 using Cloud Foundry utilities.
4. Test your deployment task using the selected cloud provider.

Assignment #6
1. Learn deployment of Desktop applications using Java Web Start.
2. Create Desktop application on Java using JavaFX technology.
3. Create Gradle script that will build and publish your application as JNLP package for Java Web Start runtime.
4. Publish your JNLP package to a local instance of nginx server.
5. Test your application using JNLP package.
6. Change code of your application.
7. Build and publish the new version of the JNLP package.
8. Test the new version of JNLP package.